OIE clean up: Move Get user profile section from Alternate flows page (#2440)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/oie-embedded-sdk-use-cases/oie-embedded-sdk-use-case-self-reg/aspnet/integrationsteps.md

### Step 20: User is sent to the user profile page

> After the factor verifications are successful and there're no more authenticators to enroll and verify, the user is now successfully registered and can be sent to the default sign-in page. In the sample app, the default sign-in page is the user profile page. See [Get user profile information](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-sdk-use-cases/aspnet/oie-embedded-sdk-use-case-basic-sign-in/#get-user-profile-information) for more details on how to fetch user information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the factor verifications are successful and there are no more authenticators to enroll and verify, the user is successfully registered and can be sent to the default sign-in page. In the sample app, the default sign-in page is the user profile page. See [Get user profile information](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-sdk-use-cases/aspnet/oie-embedded-sdk-use-case-basic-sign-in/#get-user-profile-information) for more details on how to fetch user information.
```
